# Project 0

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript

For this project, I decided to build a resume website. The website includes 4 different .html files, 1 .css file, and 1 .scss file. The navbar contains links which make it possible to get from any page on the website to any other page by following one or more hyperlinks. The center of the first page uses a bootstrap component which creates a card. The card uses the @media query to make it mobile-responsive. The card includes an image of myself as well as a summary of myself organized in an html table which is styled using the #id selector. The "Work" page contains a brief history of my work experience and uses a bootstrap grid to organize the information into two columns. The "About" page has some general information about myself which is organized in an unordored list. The background color of the website uses SCSS to assign the color as a variable. The header on each page uses nested SCSS to style any h1 or h3 tags that are nested into a element which uses the .header class. The subheading on each card uses SCSS inheritance to change the color of the text. The 5 different CSS selectors used in the website. The background uses the .class selector. The card information on the "Home" page uses the #id selector. The Universal selector is used to set all of the text fonts on the website. The element selector is used on the "About" page to change the color of the first list item to red. The element,element selector is used on the "About" page to change the color of the second list item to orange.
